= v2.1.0

* Fixed checkout instructions.
* Fixed issues with IRB and Rails IRB command prompts.
* Added sdb alias for rails dbconsole.
* Added RubyMine project files to gitignore file.
* Added Espresso files to gitignore file.
* Added a resource link for bash shell colors.
* Added the rassp and rassc aliases.
* Added Capistrano aliases for stage and production deploys.
* Moved the Rails IRB logic into the irbrc file and left the railsrc file with only default settings.
* Added aliases for Sitemap Generator gem.
* Added alias for bundle outdated.
* Droped RailRoad gem support and switched to the Railroady gem.
* Updated the dmodels, dcontrollers, and dstate aliases.
* Added bcon alias for bundle console.
* Renamed all the gem alises to gem*.
* Dropped TextMate support, switched to Sublime Text 2.
* Changed EDITOR export to point to sublime.
* Changed 's' alias to 'e' to represent the default editor and dropped the dot in the alias.
* Updated the bashs alias with better cross-platform support.
* Replaced use of the tilde with $HOME variable.
* Added OSX and Ubuntu path setup for rbenv.
* Updated README with link to Mathias Bynens' dotfiles project.
* Removed the aliases for clearing rails logs since the rake:log clear tasks does this now.

= v2.0.0

* Fixed the bch and rebundle aliases.
* Added .sass-cache to .gitignore.
* Added rbenv support.
* Added an alias for Heroku+ account switching.
* Added new rails app generation defaults to the .railsrc file.
* Updated the .gitconfig documentation.
* Removed rake call for the 'res' alias.
* Removed the -w option from the Ruby opts export.
* Removed the Icon? option from gitignore.
* Removed the .rmvrc template and RVM support completely.
* Removed the binary warning flag.
* Removed the rdemo and rdemot .bashrc aliases.

= v1.2.0

* Added the glast, gres, and grev Git aliases.
* Removed the ActionView and route configurations from the railsrc.txt file.
* Upgraded to Rails 3.0.11 for Rails Template Setup alias.
* Added Apache start and stop, Gemsmith, and Ruby profile aliases.
* Added git stash alias.
* Added the additional aliases for bundler: b, bch, bi, bu, and be.
* Added references to James Edward Grey II and Gabe Berke-Williams' dotfiles projects.
* Added project-specific default settings for RVM.
* Updated the IRB copy to clipboard method and added a paste method.
* Added bolded and underlined colors as well as background colors.
* Added link for Bash colors.
* Added the gln alias for git log --name-status.
* Added the init_github method to the bashrc file.
* Renamed setup.rb to install.rb and added configuration documentation to the README.
* Added the gemrc.txt template.
* Added RVM fix for loading new Ruby environments when creating new terminal tabs.
* Updated README with new Gemsmith specs.

= v1.1.0

* Removed FileUtils requirement for setup.rb.
* Added existing file check with corresponding console notification. 

= v1.0.0

* Initial version.
